Long live the emperor!
Love In The World
Thank you, Your Majesty.
I have two things to say to you guys today.
The first of these was that the princess officially announced her return to North Korea.
The whole country is celebrating.
The Princess is Back
We are never welcome.
It's worth dying for.
It's okay.
This second thing.
I'm very sick.
There's not much time left.
You can't go a day without an army.
And I don't have children.
I am determined to let the princess succeed to the throne.
Effective today.
Princess Chief
Princess to the throne
This has never happened before.
Isn't this an opportunity for us to rise?
All right. All right.
Princess Heir to Dai Bao
So I can go one step further.
It's good, Van Hieu is the adopted son of the chief princess.
Eventually, they will be able to raise the boat.
Maybe.
Don't we have a chance to be queen?
Princess to the throne
I've never heard of the princess having children.
That's not to say I can.
I could be the next king.